Develop/dist/README.md, before:


# README Generator

[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/aMcCode/readme-generator?style=flat)]()

This command-line application uses the [Inquirer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer) NPM package to dynamically generate readme files.

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#Description)
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Usage](#Usage)
* [License](#License)
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
* [Tests](#Tests)
* [Questions](#Questions)

## Description
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
***

## Installation
UPDATE PENDING!
***

## Usage
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
***

## License

  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
***

## Contributing
amccode
contribution 1,contribution 2,contribution 3
UPDATE PENDING!
***

## Tests
none
UPDATE PENDING!
***

## Questions
mcneila1997@gmail.com
UPDATE PENDING!

Commit message:

added prompts for install steps, created method to handle list items: install steps, contribution methods and tests, some cleanup for overall readme rendering

Develop/dist/README.md, after:


# README Generator

[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/aMcCode/readme-generator?style=flat)]()

This command-line application uses the [Inquirer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer) NPM package to dynamically generate readme files.

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#Description)
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Usage](#Usage)
* [License](#License)
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
* [Tests](#Tests)
* [Questions](#Questions)
***

## Description
README files are an essential component of any technical deployment. A good README file can help users understand how to implement and use a given tool. Moreover, a README can be the primary selling point for an application as it can help distinguish a tool from similar ones.

As useful as they are, it can be time consuming to create a high-quality README. That's why this README generator was created! Using the Inquirer NPM package, README Generator prompts users to provide the essential details required for any readme and seemlessly produces a README that can be easily copied to any repository. 
***

## Installation
The installation steps are as follows:

1. step 1
2. step 2
3. step 3

***

## Usage
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
***

## License

  [![License: ](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

  https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0
***

## Contributing
You may contribute to this project in the following ways: 
* contribution 1
* contribution 2
* contribution 3

***

## Tests
The following tests were implemented:
1. Test 1
2. Test 2

***

## Questions/Contact

Follow me on github at : amccode<br>
Email me at: mcneila1997@gmail.com
